Build js packages at code-generation time (#5171)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/daml2ts/index.rst

``daml2ts`` is invoked via the DAML SDK assistant.

> In outline, the command to generate TypeScript from DAML is ``daml codegen ts DAR -o OUTDIR`` where ``DAR`` is the path to a DAR file (generated via ``daml build``), ``OUTDIR`` is a directory where you want the TypeScript to be written and ``PACKAGE`` is a desired TypeScript package name.

Reviewer: There is no more `PACKAGE` parameter and we're finally writing JavaScript + typing. We should embrace that:
```suggestion
In outline, the command to generate JavaScript and TypeScript typings from DAML is ``daml codegen ts DAR -o OUTDIR`` where ``DAR`` is the path to a DAR file (generated via ``daml build``) and ``OUTDIR`` is a directory where you want the JavaScript to be written.
```
Can you please check there are no more references to `PACKAGE` elsewhere.

Author: (1) Fixed.
(2) Done.

   daml new my-proj skeleton # Create a new project based off the skeleton template
   cd my-proj # Enter the newly created project directory
   daml build  # Compile the project's DAML files into a DAR
   daml codegen ts .daml/dist/my-proj-0.0.1.dar -o daml2ts # Generate script bindings from the DAR

- On execution of these commands:

  - The directory ``my-proj/daml2ts`` contains generated TypeScript and Javascript artifacts;
  - The files are arranged into directories;
  - One of those directories will be named as per the ``PACKAGE`` argument and will contain the definitions corresponding to the DAML files in the project;

>   - For example, ``generated/ts/my-proj/Main.ts`` contains the definitions for ``daml/Main.daml``;

Reviewer: Isn't there a `src` somewhere in the path to `Main.ts` as well?

Author: Yes. Fixed.
